[Arc 5] [Sezon 3]
Başlık: Arc 5, Chapter 46 – “A State of Mind”

İçerik:
※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by:

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Original credit for this translation goes entirely to TranslationChicken and his team.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Upon returning to the conference hall with Wilhelm, everyone was looking forward to Subaru’s return. Reinhard saw Wilhelm, the grandfather welcoming the reunion with his grandchild with a nod.

While the two stood together along the wall exchanging sidelong glances, Subaru sat down next to Otto at the round table.

Subaru: [I’m sorry for being late. How’s the conversation?]

Otto: [I have just been briefed on how we got here. Natsuki-san, you were above us… how is Crusch-sama doing?]

Subaru: [She isn’t doing well. However, it’s not like we can say that there is no hope already. Once we discuss things after driving out the Witch Cult, we might be able to do something.]

Otto: [Is that so? If that is the case, then that alone is good news.]

Along with Otto stroking his chest, everyone else, having listened to the story, also made a similar gesture of relief. While viewing their reactions, deep down, Subaru wanted to give them a heartfelt apology.

Although it was no lie, it was a statement far removed from reality. There could be a way to save Crusch, which would also be considerably risky for Subaru. If her conditions were similar to Subaru’s, he would expect her chances to rise considerably[1].]

Subaru: [Either way, Crusch-san won’t return to the frontlines for this battle. Since it seems that Ferris also doesn’t want to be separated from her, I think it’d be best if the relief party were to stay behind at the City Hall. Additionally, there’s the possibility we’ll become unable to communicate wherever we go.]

Anastasia: [The plan to attack the four places simultaneously hasn’t changed. If we use the City Hall as a base, we’ll be able to see each of the control towers from here, since it’s at the center of the city, right? Then…]

With a clap, Anastasia gazed upon everyone’s faces.

Anastasia: [In that case, let’s get to the real deal? ――There are four control towers and four Sin Archbishops. Time to start discussin’ how we’ll allocate our attack forces.]

From the Crusch Camp, the Sword Demon, Wilhelm.

From the Felt Camp, the Sword Saint, Reinhard.

From the Anastasia Camp, the Finest of Knights, Julius, and Captain of the Iron Fang, Ricardo.

From the Emilia Camp, the Spirit Knight, Subaru, and the Shield of Sanctuary, Garfiel.

And, from the Priscilla Camp――

Priscilla: [Me and Al shall move together.]

Subaru: [I can’t believe you’re saying this… you’ll fight as well? You’re a Royal Candidate, aren’t you?]

As he confirmed the forces from each camp, Priscilla boldly raised her own name. When Subaru scowled at that, she snorted at him like one would snort at a fool.

Priscilla: [What if I am a candidate for the throne? Do not lump me in with that fool who is now useless on such a grand day, or with the weak, who do not even possess the strength to battle to begin with. I stand above all others, both at the sword and on the stage, precisely because I am who I am.]

Wilhelm: [You have become difficult to ignore. Surely you are not referring to my master as a fool?]

Priscilla: [I am sure of my ideations. There is a roundabout expression, old soldier. Withdrawing due to a mere trifle, before important matters even take place, is not how the chosen ought to act, it is said.]

Wilhelm and Priscilla clashed with a dangerous presence as soon as they struck dialogue. Even though he would habitually ignore it, Wilhelm could not afford to because of various circumstances. Since Priscilla’s side generally operated in an excessive manner, her hateful language was likewise excessive.

Anastasia: [Yeah yeah, let’s get a move on, both that weaklin’ and fool stuff is all fine by me. We ain’t gonna turn on each other.]

Priscilla: [Oh, that’s boring. I am not so easy to deal with as to obediently listen to the groveling of the weak, you know?]

Anastasia: [I guess it wasn’t like the story was “bout the victory of the weak? If ya don”t show a lil’ bit of generosity, no one’ll follow ya. Everyone here’s getting irritated with’cha. Have some patience.]

Priscilla: [Hmph.]

As Anastasia’s remark struck true, Priscilla did not object, only snorting in reply. Seeing that she had retracted her previous point, Wilhelm, who had been staring daggers at her, also withdrew his own.

Since it was natural to have disagreements between the factions, he made a serious face.

Wilhelm: [Well then, from Priscilla-sama’s faction, we will have Priscilla-sama and Al moving together… May I assume that your boy is not to be taken into consideration?]

Priscilla: [Can something even be done by such a delicate and weak child? That child has been accompanying me throughout merely for the sake of serving me. Naturally, we will put him aside beforehand.]

Wilhelm: [Understood. Then it has been decided that we shall capture the four locations with no less than eight fighters.]

The boy who was Priscilla’s butler―― Schult, drooped his head, and the people at the roundtable were split between those able to fight, and those unable. Leaving out the names of the eight combatants, the non-combatants were Anastasia, Schult, Liliana and Otto, with Crusch and Ferris on the upper floor making six people.

Anastasia: [Before we split up our fighting force, we’ll go ahead and confirm our knowledge of the Sin Archbishops once more. Let’s see, the person who’s met all of “em… that”s just Natsuki-kun, right?]

Subaru: [Yeah, I think so. Although even talking about the Witch Cult’s leaders disgusts me, I’ll try to give you an explanation. I know their abilities, though to a certain extent.]

While gathering everyone’s attention, Subaru stood up and began to speak. About the Witch Cult, which had attacked this city, and the horrible Sin Archbishops who controlled it.

Subaru: [First up, Wrath. This one’s a person who’s completely wrapped in bandages, and calls herself Sirius. I don’t know what she looks like, though I believe she’s probably a woman. She attacks using the chains wrapped around her arms. In addition, it seems like she also uses Fire Magic.]

Reinhard: [She does not seem to pose a significant threat, from what you have said. Is she considerably talented?]

Subaru: [If it’s said by you, then it’s difficult for anyone to answer, Reinhard… Talking about simple fighting strength, then Wilhelm or Julius’d be able to provide sufficient opposition. She seemed to be an equal match with Emilia in pure melee combat. However, she has the Authority of Wrath.]

Reinhard: [An Authority…]

Reinhard frowned to that sound, as he brought his hand to his chin. Subaru continued as he nodded back at him,

Subaru: [The biggest point about a Sin Archbishop’s repulsiveness is their unique ability, their Authority. It’s useless to even think about how it works, as it’s a force that differs from both magic and sorcery. Since every single one of them is powerful, defeating the Authority will be the main focus in defeating a Sin Archbishop.]

Wilhelm: [Subaru-dono has defeated Sloth in the past, did he possess one such Authority?]

Subaru: [Yes. The Archbishop of Sloth’s Authority possessed two abilities, the Unseen Hand, and Sloth. The first was the power to grow many powerful arms which were not only invisible, but also had incredible strength. If someone were to be caught by them, they could easily completely tear their body apart.]

Julius: [Having witnessed them myself, I have also verified their repulsiveness. It is believable that its power would be able to slaughter someone by just squeezing their body.]

Julius followed up on Subaru’s explanation.

During the united front against Petelgeuse, it was because Subaru had lent his own eyes that Julius had been able to see Petelgeuse’s Unseen Hand. He was in an ideal position to reinforce his explanation.

Subaru: [Moreover, Sloth’s other ability enabled him to forcefully snatch away the energy of humans in his range. Whether this was the Authority is difficult to tell, but people with good affinity for Spirits could easily overcome it, becoming immune. This was why me and Julius both easily dealt with it.]

Julius: [The one thing that can be said for both abilities is that, no matter how formidable an opponent that Sin Archbishop was, he could be dealt with by assigning the correct people to the correct places.]

Subaru: [You said an unusually good thing, Julius. That’s pretty much it.]

When Subaru praised him in his own way, Julius looked at Subaru with a discerning though lukewarm gaze. While getting an uncanny feeling from that gaze, Subaru once again continued, after clearing his throat.

Subaru: [So, let’s go back to the discussion about the Authority of Wrath. So far, what we know about Wrath’s power is that it is the sharing and propagation of both emotions and senses.]

Everyone: [Sharing… emotions and senses?]

Since Subaru’s explanation was one they were unable to wrap their heads around, most people in the discussion tilted their heads. Because it was difficult to explain, Subaru had to choose his words carefully.

Subaru: [In other words, Wrath is able to synchronize the emotions of people in its range. It makes one person’s anger into everyone’s anger and one person’s sadness into everyone’s sadness.]

Ricardo: [The heck’s that? I ain’t got an idea what that means.]

Subaru: [If you said this is a power that forces people to read the mood you wouldn’t be off-mark, but it’s not like that. The scary part of this ability is because it can even transmit feelings of hostility. That means Wrath can convey her hostility to those around you, even if they believe her to be their enemy.]

Otto: [So it turns the townspeople in its range against us?]

Subaru: [Exactly.]

By snapping his fingers, Subaru indicated that Otto had drawn the correct conclusion.

Although everyone’s complexion darkened upon hearing that, the problems were not limited to just that.

Priscilla: [Foolish commoner, did you say this Wrath’s power is to share emotions and senses?]

As the first to finally reach an understanding, Priscilla reclined on her seat.

Piercing through Subaru with her crimson eyes, while concealing her mouth with her folding fan,

Priscilla: [If the explanation from just now was about sharing emotions, then sharing senses is a different matter. And if we then assume that my imagination is correct, is it not a considerably repulsive ability?]

Subaru: [I don’t know how you’re imagining it, but it’s the worst. The Authority of Wrath make it possible to share the wounds of people in its range. Wrath’s own wounds are no exception.]

Ricardo: [If even the person herself ain’t no exception… Hey, bro, you’re kiddin’ me, right? Ain’t that the worst? In other words, wouldn’t everyone else die if Wrath were to be killed?]

He had already once experienced that terrible scene, realized by Reinhard’s own hand.

Even if they defeated Sirius, that source of that maliciousness, that act alone would inflict permanent wounds to the people surrounding them. They did not know if anyone dragged into the fight would be fine if they managed to kill her.

Priscilla: [――Interesting.]

To this hopeless information, everyone held their tongue, incapable of coming up with counter-measures. In the midst of that, only one person, only Priscilla was cheerfully warping her cheeks into a sneer.

Priscilla: [Very well. I will separate that foolish Wrath’s head from its body myself. You may rejoice.]

Subaru: [Well, wait, wait, wait! Although I don’t know why you’re so eager, it’s not something you can take so lightly! Were you listening to what I said!?]

Priscilla: [Let us establish that I was listening. Thus, having listened to that, I have declared that I will execute it. They are indeed a disgusting opponent with cowardly methods, so it is appropriate for me to cut them down.]

Without even listening to Subaru’s attempts to stop her, Priscilla looked over everyone while folding her fan to make a sound.

With that sharp gaze and zeal, she overwhelmed even the strongest fighters present.

Priscilla: [If you have stated everything about this Authority, then there is a saying that comes to mind about its mechanism[2]. It is impertinent to think someone other than myself can subjugate the common rabble. The vulgar masses exist entirely for my sake. If some insolent worm dares to tamper with my own property, I shall immediately dispose of them, and launch them out of my garden.]

Al: [P-Princess… Isn’t that a little too much?]

Priscilla: [What sort of foolishness are you saying, Al? I know of your cowardice, but what about such an insolent opponent who dares sour my mood is making you get cold feet? With myself, and the singer as well, there is nothing to fear.]

Al: [I’m not saying it because there is something to fe… Singer?]

When Al tried to stop his master’s irrational behavior, he stopped as he heard an unexpected word. While generously nodding at her follower’s surprise, Priscilla, pointed with her folded fan at Liliana, who sat at the corner of the round table.

As she suddenly became the topic of the discussion, Liliana opened her eyes wide at the fan thrust towards her.

Liliana: [Did mean m-me with that name!? Why are you doing that so suddenly and neglectfully again!?]

Priscilla: [You must not be forgetting about your travels? How much your songs have shaken the hearts of the masses? Here, you can replicate it. In short, you should compete for the emotions of the vulgar masses.]

Liliana: [I just encouraged those who were anxious. You might say that under no circumstances you are overestimating me, but pressuring a weak young girl like me…]

Priscilla: [Hoo. So, if that is your choice, you admit the defeat of the song you have inherited from your ancestors?]

Concluding with a snort, Priscilla’s words, which sounded like she despised Liliana wholeheartedly, made the latter’s expression shift. Before, it had a friendly smile, attempting to parry Priscilla’s words subserviently, but now, it had become serious.

Liliana: [That is, what do you mean…?]

Priscilla: [It seems as if realization has yet to reach you. Does your song, which has been passed down so zealously, seem like it is being sung when the hearts of the people are seeking salvation, as they expose their unsightly cowering? The howling and whining of such losers, is that not all a bunch of wasteful futility? Even a dog’s barking is still better than insisting on such selfish proclamations. Why do you not consider that? It is like a loser’s anthem.]

Liliana: [Ahh, ahh! Are you really saying that much!? Are you really blurting that out!? Fine! I’ll go! I’ve understood alright!? Catching me, the Songstress Liliana, like that! Using such language! A woman will become obsolete with this silence! Like this, even the late Kiritaka-san would come crawling out of his grave with regret!]

Because of Priscilla’s fierce provocation, Liliana became excited as she intensely exploded back at her. With her face becoming a bright red, she violently strummed the musical instrument placed on top of her lap.

Liliana: [If you were thinking about letting even a requiem be sung to comfort Kiritaka-san’s soul, who pitiably fell into the city’s waters, stop it! I am a scramble of emotions? Bring it on! I, the person who has come to inherit the song, and my song, which has dazed the people of the world, will we lose to something like an incomprehensible power!? We don’t even understand the song’s power, after all! Grrr![3]]

Schult and Otto hurriedly dragged down Liliana, who had become excited, performing while lying sprawled on top of the round table. Looking far away from the corner of the room where Liliana had started playing her music, Subaru shifted his focus to Priscilla.

Subaru: [Her manageability aside, you seem sure of her success. But even if you’re right, to just throw her into this when you don’t know her chances…]

Priscilla: [I am not planning to lose. Everything in this world is at my own mercy. Besides, it is because I was together with that singer that I have come so far as to this City Hall. After taking her around with me, I recognized that singer’s usefulness. And precisely because of that, I have again decided to take her with me.]

Subaru: [Are you saying that Liliana has the power to oppose Sirius?]

Priscilla: [It would be my defeat if it were not for that singer. And something like my defeat is impossible in this world. Therefore, that singer must come. Need I explain this any further?]

Because none of the insufficient explanations were feasible, it steadily became unbearable for Subaru. However, it was Schult who raised his hand instead, attempting to follow-up on Priscilla’s remarks.

The butler boy’s adorable eyes quivered as he chose his words with utmost care.

Schult: [U-uh, well… I think that it’s true that Liliana’s song has a special power. It’s true that they were released from anxiety or irritation when listening to Liliana-sama’s song… That is also what we learned from several refuge shelters we went to before we came here.]

Subaru: [You went around visiting shelters and let Liliana sing to them?]

Priscilla: [I believe I have stated such.]

Subaru: [You didn’t say that!]

Even the insufficiency of her explanation was excessive.

While being troubled by Priscilla’s attitude, Subaru turned his head to Reinhard.

Subaru: [Hey, Reinhard. Do you know of an innate ability that can see people’s powers… Or rather, their Divine Protections. Can things like Divine Protections be seen?]

Reinhard: [I think there is a Divine Protection that can analyze others’ Divine Protections. I have heard that the owner of the Divine Protection of Judgement can see them. It seems they are not located in Lugunica, but in Vollachia. I see, so we want to check what kind of Divine Protection Liliana-sama has? It will certainly become one of our main questions.]

When he understood the purpose of Subaru’s question, Reinhard went deep into thought.

He just tried to ask because there was nothing to lose, and even he knew that he had asked something unreasonable from Reinhard. Subaru shook his head to the pondering red-haired youth and continued with a “Never mind”,

Subaru: [Although I strangely expected something, since you’d said that you’d heard all kinds of incredible things, it’s not like you’d be convenient to that extent. It’s fine. For now, we can test Liliana’s song to check whether it can cancel the Authority of Wrath somehow…]

Reinhard: [You don’t need to worry about it, Subaru―― I have received it now.]

Subaru: [Wha?]

Patting Subaru’s shoulder as he tried to propose an experiment with Liliana’s song, Reinhard smiled. After that, while narrowing his blue eyes, he gazed at Liliana, still performing in the corner of the room. And then,

Reinhard: [What a surprise. Liliana holds the Divine Protection of Telepathy.]

Subaru: [I’m more surprised at you right now, rather than the Divine Protection. Eh? What did you say just now? Did you say that you received it? What did you receive, the treasure that is children?]

Reinhard: [Subaru, this is not a situation to be making fun of. I have been able to confirm Liliana-sama’s Divine Protection. The Divine Protection of Telepathy is, so to speak, a Divine Protection which transmits the owner’s thoughts to others. It is a Divine Protection which primarily transmits trivial thoughts to someone the owner has a close bond with… a song, huh? I had not even thought of something like that.]

While Reinhard was honestly admiring Liliana, Subaru’s jaw dropped after gazing upon his profile.

He had always said that Reinhard’s power was already a cheat, this guy, who was said to be beyond superhuman, was being loved way too much by the gods.

The Divine Protection he needed, that Divine Protection which he thought of, had arrived at his hands upon merely wishing it.

Subaru: [――――?]

Having managed to reach a point with his thoughts, Subaru felt trapped between a rock and a hard place.

Reinhard could acquire a Divine Protection he thought of, if he wished for it. At least, what had happened to Reinhard today, could be expressed that way. Though that in and of itself was an extremely and reassuringly enviable power.

Subaru could not put it into words, because he could be mistaken about it.

The members of the Wrath capture group had been decided―― Priscilla, Al and Liliana.

Translation notes:

[1] Probably referring to the conditions needed for the Dragon’s Blood injected by Capella to not be rejected or something like that. It is possible that Subaru is thinking about other people that were not completely rejected by the Dragon’s blood, using them to absorb Crusch’s curse, but it is not one-hundred percent clear.

[2] “Mechanism” here is written as “カラクリ”, a reference to Karakuri puppets (for more information, see here).

[3] Probably somewhat inaccurate in some places here. Liliana’s manner of speech feels weird in general.